---
layout: artistlayout
name: The Only Cupid
genere: R&B, Soul, Pop
link: https://newcupidonline.com
image: /uploads/dsc6109.jpeg
image_position: top
permalink: cupid
---
Bryson Bernard (AKA) Cupid Biography

In 2007, Bryson “Cupid” Bernard shuffled his way into the hearts of millions with the up-tempo party song “Cupid Shuffle,” which also inspired the popular dance craze of the same name. From appearances on nationally syndicated TV and radio talk shows such as Dr. Oz, Steve Harvey and Tom Joyner to breaking the Guinness Book of World Records in 2008 for the largest line dance assembled with over 17k people, Cupid has virtually reshaped dance music and created an entirely new genre.

When the Lafayette, LA native composed “Cupid Shuffle” he had no idea that the song or he would turn into a global entertainment phenomenon taking his talents to distant lands like Dubai and Germany. “It still amazes me that my music has resonated with so many different kinds of people,” says Cupid. “Music is truly a universal language because it unites individuals of different ages, cultures, backgrounds and beliefs with a single purpose of having a good time, at least that’s my goal. I want to lifts spirits and change the way people feel when they hear a Cupid record.” Given the culturally rich melting pot environment Cupid was raised in, his sound is Blues-influenced, Rock-influenced, Soul-influenced, Gospel-influenced and Hip-Hop-influenced. It’s no wonder his brand is able to effortlessly transcend racial and generational boundaries.

Cupid will launch into a new realm of fame with the release of “Go Head Baby,” his new single produced by Atlanta-based beat maker Mr. Collipark (Soulja Boy, Ying Yang Twins). The proclaimed “King of the Dance Party” delivers a masterful follow-up to “Cupid Shuffle” that also comes with its own choreography. “I wanted to make another line dance record but wanted to pay homage to my Louisiana roots. First of all, we say ‘baby’ completely different from everybody else. We also say ‘go head baby’ to encourage people, especially the ladies. So this is another feel good record that anybody can jam to and have a good time.”

The son of a preacher, Cupid grew up doing three things: singing, dancing and DJ’ing. He cut his artistic teeth belting out hymns and playing the piano in church even becoming the youth choir director at age 14. And being from central Louisiana, rhythmically moving to a beat was in his DNA. Given the culturally rich melting pot environment he was raised in, Cupid’s sound is Blues-influenced, Rock-influenced, Soul-influenced, Gospel-influenced and Hip-Hop-influenced. It’s no wonder his brand effortlessly transcends racial and generational boundaries.

Cupid attended the University of Louisiana at Lafayette on a track scholarship. While he enjoyed competing as an athlete, music became his main focus subsequently leading him to join a 5-man R&B ensemble called Fifth Element. What started out as an attempt to woo the ladies resulted in performances at campus talent shows and local events throughout Louisiana. Although the group disbanded after a short stint, it gave Cupid the confidence boost he needed to pursue a career in entertainment full-time.

The singer enjoyed radio airplay in 2001 with his high-powered first single, “Do Ya Thang”, which appeared on his independent debut album. His sophomore disc, 2005’s The King of down South R&B gained airplay throughout the southeastern region. Cupid’s career skyrocketed in January 2007 with the release of his third LP, Time for a Change. Just days before dropping the album, he received a call to ink a major label deal with Atlantic Records. His first breakthrough single from that landmark debut, “Cupid Shuffle”, sparked a worldwide frenzy. In the United States alone, the song peaked at \#66 on the Billboard Hot 100 and \#21 on the HotCupid16-198x300R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Since then the song has sold over 4+ million and is still getting roughly 6,500 new downloads each week.

The success of Cupid’s music had him performing in front of sold out crowds and headlining shows with the likes of Frankie Beverly and Mays, the SOS Band, Stevie Wonder, Charlie Wilson, New Edition, Dougie Fresh, Big Daddy Kane, Zapp, the Whispers and the O’ Jays over a 6-year period. He became the face of McDonalds McCafe national ad campaign where he went on a nationwide tour alongside Eric Roberson and Musiq Soulchild teaching his legion of fans how to do the “McCafe Shuffle.” Cupid’s music can also be heard in the feature films jumping the Broom, Step it up 2, P.S. I Love You and the Adventures of Nancy Drew, as well as the Dance Central 3 video game.

New Cupid also supports the boot campaign with his theme song “Do it with Your Boots on.” His full support of the Boot Campaign’s Military Recovery Fund provides urgent financial assistance to service members and veteran families when they need it most.

 As impressive as his musical accomplishments are, they are only part of Cupid’s storied resume. The certified trainer released an exercise DVD he established in 2013 called CuRobiks™ Fitness after he lost over 40lbs doing the routines that incorporate aerobic dance with squats, jumping jacks and pushups. The moves get your heart pumping but are low impact, which makes the program ideal for kids and adults alike. In spite of his extremely busy schedule Cupid continues to live his dream as an musician know throughout this world but entrepreneur constantly building on his empire

Realizing with success comes responsibility; Cupid has proven to be a powerful force through his foundation Positopia (Poz-itopia), a land where negativity doesn’t exist. Through his organization, he mentors youth in schools and churches, organizes a yearly toy drive and participates in breast cancer awareness campaigns. . In spite of his extremely busy schedule Cupid continues to live his dream as a musician know throughout this world but also as an entrepreneur constantly building on his empire.

Cupid hopes the world continues to fall in love with his movement but more importantly he aims to captivate the heart. He is still taking the world by storm with line dances such as the FLEX which is on every cruise ship along with The all time favorite Cupid Shuffle which hit 5X Platinum in November of 2022.. Cupid recently released a tribute to the FREEZE line dance remake of "If You Don't Want Me To' by the legendary Ronnie Milsap.